	Day 1	Transfer 		09/06/2026					Reykjavik	Shuttle/FLybus  Airport to City Centre 
	Day 1	Hotel	1	09/06/2026	10/06/2026				Reykjavik	3 Star ,Fosshotel Raudara  , 1xNight , 1xStandard Double Room, Incl Brekafast 
	Day 2	Day overview		10/06/2026					Reykjavik	"Group Tour:  Iceland: 6-Day Holiday Package Summer Around Iceland by Minibus | 8 AM 

Overview
Travel Iceland’s Ring Road in a small group with a local guide. Visit the Golden Circle, South Coast waterfalls, Reynisfjara black sand beach, Jökulsárlón glacier lagoon, the Eastfjords, Mývatn region, and North Iceland before returning west. Hike glaciers, explore coastal and volcanic landscapes, and stay in hotels with breakfast and private bathrooms.

What's included?
Day 1: Reykjavík pick‑up & Golden Circle

Day 1–2: South Coast guesthouse w/breakfast

Day 2: Seljalandsfoss & Skógafoss waterfalls

Day 2: Reynisfjara black sand beach

Day 2: Katla ice cave tour

Day 2–3: Vík area hotel w/breakfast

Day 3: Skaftafell glacier hike (3 h)

Day 3: Jökulsárlón Glacier Lagoon

Day 3: Diamond Beach visit

Day 3–4: Höfn area hotel w/breakfast

Day 4: Explore Eastfjords & fishing villages

Day 4–5: Egilsstaðir hotel w/breakfast

Day 5: Dettifoss waterfall & Mývatn area

Day 5: Goðafoss waterfall & Akureyri visit

Day 5–6: Akureyri hotel w/breakfast

Day 6: Hauganes whale watching tour

Day 6: Return to Reykjavík

Not Included : Flights to/from Keflavik Airport (KEF)

Pick up outside of Reykjavik area

Horseback riding tour & VÖK baths

Lunch and dinner available for purchase

Personal health and travel insurances

Single traveler supplement fee €500

Any local taxes and fees

What to expect?
Over 6 days and 5 nights, explore Iceland’s Ring Road from Reykjavík. Your journey begins with the Golden Circle at Thingvellir, Geysir, and Gullfoss, continues along the South Coast to Seljalandsfoss, Skógafoss, and Reynisfjara black sand beach, then on to Jökulsárlón glacier lagoon and Diamond Beach, the Eastfjords, Lake Mývatn, and North Iceland, and concludes with whale watching in Hauganes before returning to Reykjavík.

Stay in comfortable hotels with breakfast included and travel in a small‑group minibus with Wi‑Fi and a professional English‑speaking guide. Transportation, accommodation, and included activities such as glacier hiking, Katla ice cave tour, Jökulsárlón amphibian boat ride, and whale watching are arranged as part of the itinerary.

Simply arrive in Reykjavík on your selected date and follow the program. Book your return flight for after the tour ends on Day 6. This guided holiday is suitable for travelers in normal health who enjoy light outdoor activities and scenic travel."
	Day 2	Activity		10/06/2026					South Coast 	"Day 1: Explore the Golden Circle

You will be picked up from Reykjavík, between 8am and 8.30.After pick up, you will head right away to Iceland’s most famous route: The Golden Circle.

Your tour begins with your expert tour guide guiding you to the Golden Circle Route. This is the most popular tourist circuit in Iceland, and it features three main attractions: Þingvellir National Park, Gullfoss waterfall, and Geysir geothermal area.

Thingvellir National Park:Visit the place where the two tectonic plates, the North American and the Eurasian plate, are moving away from each other. Few places in the world offer a better and clearer view of this massive geographic activity. Not only is this vast park beautiful to look at, but it is also remarkable geographically, as the ridge that runs through it is comprised of two exposed tectonic plates: the Eurasian and North American plates pull apart here, giving you the unique opportunity to walk between continents.

The Geysir geothermal area: it hosts hundreds of colorful hot springs and two geysers hot springs. Strokkur erupts every 5 minutes up to 40 meters.

Gullfoss Waterfall: the melting water from Iceland´s second biggest glacier, Langjökull, falls into a deep canyon forming the majestic Golden Falls."
	Day 3	Activity		11/06/2026					VIk	"Day 2: Discover South Coast & Katla Ice Cave

Today, you will travel along the picturesque South Coast. Your first stops will be at two of Iceland’s most famous waterfalls. 

The first, Seljalandsfoss, cascades from the great heights of the interior; its unique feature is the small cavern behind it, allowing you to walk completely around it.

The next waterfall is called Skógarfoss, which falls in a broad curtain from the steep highlands.

You will visit to the amazing Katla ice cave, which is a great way to learn more about glaciers and volcanic eruptions in the history of Iceland.

The final attraction for the day is the beautiful black sand beach Reynisfjara.

You will then head to your accommodation close to the idyllic coastal town of Vík."
	Day 4	Activity		12/06/2026					Höfn	"Day 3: Hike Vatnajökull Glacier & Sail Glacier Lagoon

Your next destination will be the glacier lagoon Jökulsárlón with a few stops along the way. Jökulsárlon is formed by the receding glacial tongue Breiðamerkurjökull where huge chunks of ice break away and float lazily out to sea. During your visit to the Glacier Lagoon, you'll hop on a boat and sail between the giant icebergs floating around

Before reaching the Glacier Lagoon, we will take you to Skaftafell for a 3-hour glacier hike on the largest glacier in Iceland, Vatnajokull, to enjoy the view from the great heights as well as to feel the icy giant underneath your crampons.

As the ancient icy giants make it to sea, some wash up on the adjacent beach, which has been nicknamed Diamond Beach.

You will spend the evening close to the Höfn area."
	Day 5	Activity		13/06/2026					Egilsstaðir	"Day 4: Explore Eastfjords & Local Life

Today, you will be exploring the beautiful and remote Eastfjords. Traveling through mountainous passes with the ocean to your left, your guide will make a number of stops along these meandering passages.

The entire region is sparsely populated, but the small communities that exist there live in quaint fishing communities. Your guide will introduce you to small-town life out in the countryside before heading to the central hub of the East, Egilsstaðir. As well as being the largest town in the Eastfjords, it is also close to the largest forest in Iceland, Hallormsstaðaskógar, and Lake Lagafljót.

An optional horseback riding tour at a local horse breeding farm can be added during the booking process or during the tour. 

Another optional extra is going to the VÖK Baths 

You will spend the night in Egilsstaðir."
	Day 6	Activity		14/06/2026					Akureyri	"Day 5: Discover North Iceland

You will be making your way to the North of Iceland today, right across the large and beautiful expanse of Vatnajökull National Park. Your first stop of the day will be the magnificent Dettifoss waterfall, the most powerful in Europe.

Your next destination is the varied and dynamic Mývatn area, named after the lake. This area is known for its energetic geothermal activity, and you will get to see this first hand at the Námskarð area.

You will then head to the Capital of the North, Akureyri. Before you cross the mountain pass to get there, you will make a quick stop at the waterfall, Goðafoss.

You will spend the night in Akureyri."
	Day 7	Activity		15/06/2026					Reykajvik	"Day 6: Watch Whales & Return to Reykjavík

Today, you will head back to where your journey began. 

You will drive to the beautiful Hauganes village famous for whales and fresh fish! From here you will join a whale watching tour. You will hop aboard a boat in the local harbor and head out to spot these gentle giants.

You will then head back to the capital of Reykjavik at around 19,30 . You will have plenty of time on the way to take in the beautiful sights of Iceland and reflect on your incredible journey.

Immerse yourself in the beauty of Iceland and book this summer guided tour today, so you can see much of what Iceland has to offer as well as experience the warm glow of the Midnight Sun. Check availability by choosing a date."
	Day 7	Hotel	2	15/06/2026	17/06/2026				Reykajvik	3 Star, Center Hotels Skjaldbreið , 2xNight , 1xStandard Double Room, Incl Brekafast 
	Day 8	Activity		16/06/2026					Reykajvik	"Reykjavík: Blue Lagoon & Volcano Eruption Site Tour |8 AM | 9 Hrs  Overview
Discover the wonders of Iceland with our extraordinary combo tour! Hike through the stunning Fagradalsfjall Volcano eruption site, guided by our experts, to witness mesmerizing lava flows and geothermal activity. Then, indulge in pure relaxation at the world-famous Blue Lagoon, an unforgettable experience in the warm healing waters.

What's included?
Pick-up/drop-off in central Reykjavik

Experienced, English-speaking guide

Hike to Fagradalsfjall Volcano

Blue Lagoon Comfort Admission

Silica mud mask and towels

Free WiFi onboard the vehicle

Use of headlamp (when needed)

Drink of your choice at the Blue Lagoon

What to expect?
Hike to the Fagradalsfjall Volcano eruption site with our expert guide where new lava flows into old and geothermal activity runs the scene! What better way to end the day than relaxing in the Blue Lagoon by getting the whole geothermal experience in one day.

Please note

This tour requires hiking to and back from the Fagradalsfjall volcano. 

Price is per passenger"
	Day 9	Transfer 		17/06/2026					Reykajvik	Shuttle / Flybus : City centre to Airport 
